---
layout: post
title:  "My Prayer to Jesus Christ: Forgive us and Save us from President Trump"
date:   2016-07-22 09:10:11 -0700
categories: politics RNC
---
**by Al Porotesano**

Dear Lord and Savior Jesus Christ,

On Election Day in the United States of America, Please forgive us for electing the Antichrist.

I am raised Catholic. Despite never attending Sunday School, I was sheltered in your love through Autism School for six days a week as a child. I may confess to being irreligious now, but I know you're the one in the stars who can read and hear many prayers. You're the one everybody goes to for the Voiceless to be heard. You are thanked and praised everywhere from Sports Games, everyday events, and now: the Republican National Convention. 

I'm working on my bike to prepare it as a visible advertisement for Comic-Con in San Diego while Donald Trump accepts his presidential nomination in his speech at the Republican National Convention. I hear my parents cheer for the most insentinent Presidential Candidate of the United States. I'm outside avoiding the madness of the airwaves in solace of working on my bike modifications and gardening as Trump's hour and a half long speech feeds fear to a lot of angry Americans on Fox News.

Jesus, I'm not the best person to beg for forgiveness. I'm not perfect and a sinner, therefore Human. I may be unemployed and broke, but I'm happy and free. The Corporate Culture that consumed me is gone. It's over. With the blessing of my friends and family who accept my creative eccentric weirdness, regardless of their origins, I'm no longer absorbed by the stresses of systematic consumerism. They know I just want to work on things I love, and I can never find that in the workplace that embraces Corporate Culture. A culture that welcomes faceless cogs in a machine that feeds on fear.

You've seen my anger at Occupy Wall Street. You know I was at the General Assembly of Occupy Los Angeles with the occupiers fighting for reform in a Neoliberal Globalized market and relieving debt for a marginalized generation. You know I've fought many personal battles. You also know I've had some unintentional miracles. I admit, if it wasn't for TARP bailing out AIG, my old office would probrably not be around for the 2010 Winter Olympics because AIG was one of our biggest customers.

I've never prayed my words out for the world to see our conversation. I know you're looking down on us thinking, "What the fuck!" The Republican National Convention this week is a literal and absolute shit-show. It's a visual screamapalooza. The Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland is set with a vitriolic atmosphere and they begin in prayer in your name. I don't know how you can not look down on Cleveland and spite the Republican party summoning your seven angels of vengeance. They make us Americans look bad to the world. But if the world is electing populist conservatives with a vote that could form a New World Order with President Trump as their new appointed leader, You'll have a lot of pepole like myself praying for your return to end this facist madness.

Jesus, don't you realize you'll come back sooner than later? Haven't you seen the portals of global history through wars and rumors of wars of diverse places on Planet Earth? Did you look at how the angry populist mob in Cleveland mirroring your judgement under Pontius Pilate at the Praetorium? Have you seen how many assembled forums of anger based on their strength of ignorance has passed down for two millenias and thought "Do I have to come back to earth?"

I know we're gonna look forward to Donald Trump as the President of the United States. It's going to happen. What can you do in this situation Lord?

I know: Maybe you can resurrect former New York Knicks Forward Anthony Mason from the dead and have him run as a third party candidate for President of the United States. He will come in your glory with your seven angels blowing seven trumpets and pouring their bowls of anger on us the same way you have punished all of Los Angeles in the early 90s with earthquakes, floods, riots, pestilence, fires, diseases, and O.J. Simpson. At Los Angeles, we're still paying the price for our sins. At least with Anthony Mason he will return in your glory from Calvary with an angry fist. He will lay that fist against the powerful leaders exploiting the sheep before slaughter. The world will prepare for Armageddon in Ohio. Anthony's fought in Cleveland before, maybe he'll come back and fight again in your holy armor and sword of truth against a worldwide bazzar of chaos and ignorance.

Dear Jesus, Should we elect President Trump, please forgive us forever and ever. 

Amen.

